so something incredible has happened
over the last few days online and you
know it's just a positive thing that I
wanted to bring forth to you in this
video so a game called mighty number
nine was just announced like literally
not even 24 hours ago at PAX Prime and
you know it sold me right away the
trailer that shows off exactly what
they're going to do with this game and
you know just the sheer number of people
from the original Mega Man team on this
dev team is just blows my mind it's so
exciting like I haven't been this
excited since I saw watchdogs the live
preview I just I can't wait so my
history goes all the way back to
nineteen eighty seven when megaman was
released in north america and my mother
you know I I don't say this enough on
the show but I really need to thank my
mother for getting me into games because
I didn't have a father figure in my life
and video games essentially replaced my
dad and I look a lot of lessons about
challenges in life and just really using
my mind to dream up things that before I
got into gaming I really didn't think
about and to see sci-fi for the first
time on the television in front of me in
a game that I can interact with and I'm
killing robots and I'm this amazing
character and it's just like I'm gaining
their powers and now I'm it just was
amazing experience for me to go to
school the next day and be like dude I
beat manga man and they're like ah man
so it's so goddamn hard like what do you
do here just talk about in this
community built but you know as a direct
message to the co-creator of mega man i
need to say thank you for introducing me
to not only just sci-fi but a challenge
in a videogame like it was truly an
experience that i will never forget so
thank you very much for that so the team
that's making mighty number nine is
incredible we have the original
co-creator of Mega Man in this we have
the the level designer on the original
megaman games we have the original
artists who performed all the music on
the original game and most of the sound
effects the iconic sound effects from
megaman so I wanted to make the video
not only just to share this amazing
event with you guys but I really want to
see this come to consoles because i want
to see online scoreboards and i want to
see people interacting with each other
and i want to be able to talk to people
about it while I'm playing it because
this is not just another video game this
is like a true event in video games and
the other thing I wanted to do is ask
you guys what was the game that you you
just like you played as a kid and it
really affected you in ways that you you
just truly never seen anywhere else and
and what was the game that challenged
you the most and when you overcame that
game you felt good about yourself that
you truly overcame this challenge so
thank you so much for the amazing
support of the show lately and I just
also wanted to give a shout out to the
gaming community that watches my show
and I really applaud everybody that's
been so positive lately on the channel
but not only that but like this is a
prime example of us coming together and
actually being positive for once and not
tearing something down because we don't
like a certain aspect of it this this
doesn't have a single person that is
against it not a single person so I
invite you guys to come join me on the
channel here and and get excited about
this game because I'm truly truly
excited for once about a Kickstarter
because this the people making the game
are not only respectful to us but
they're very very inviting to our not
only our ideas but to the community and
I think I think respect in the gaming
industry is the most important thing and
in terms of a company interacting with
their audience respect is a two-way
street it's not about announcing a game
and then delaying it and then cancelling
it and then giving no reason why it's
about being very open we want to make a
game it's a spiritual spiritual
successor to make a man and we want you
guys involved and I am in 110% so thank
you to everybody who watched today and
I'll see you guys soon
for my watchdogs hands on video